README.md, before:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> I'm currently onto something new, and pretty big.
><br/>
> I'm enjoying working on it and I'm totally dedicated: I hope you'll enjoy it when I'll reveal it 🙂
>
> Having said that, it's an incredible amount of work and it's draining all my time.
> <br/>
> Because of this, I may be **late in answering** issues & discussions.
>
> Sorry about that 🙏


# Hi 🤌

### 💻 Principal Engineer + R&D

30 years designing, developing and evolving software.

### 🦥 FusionCache

I created [FusionCache](https://github.com/ZiggyCreatures/FusionCache): an easy to use, fast and robust hybrid cache with advanced resiliency features.

FusionCache is free and OSS, has been battle tested on real-world production apps and services for years like [HIBP (Have I Been Pwned)](https://x.com/stebets/status/1881361994340839832) and is used even [by Microsoft](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sql/data-api-builder-ga/) itself.

With the release of [v2](https://github.com/ZiggyCreatures/FusionCache/releases/tag/v2.0.0), FusionCache has become the first production-ready implementation of [Microsoft HybridCache](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/performance/caching/hybrid?view=aspnetcore-9.0): not just the first 3rd party implementation but the [very first](https://x.com/jodydonetti/status/1881135481645339003) at all, including Microsoft's one.

### 🏆 Awards

I've been lucky enough to receive a couple of recognitions, mostly for my work on FusionCache, and for which I'm very thankful:
- [Google OSS Award](https://opensource.googleblog.com/2021/09/announcing-latest-open-source-peer-bonus-winners.html)
- [Microsoft MVP Award](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-US/MVP/profile/139895de-396f-ed11-81ab-000d3a5600fa)

### 🔗 Social

You can find me here:

- [GitHub](https://github.com/jodydonetti)
- [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/jodydonetti.bsky.social)
- [Twitter](https://x.com/jodydonetti)
- [Sessionize](https://sessionize.com/jody-donetti/)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jody-donetti/)

### 📺 Videos

Sometimes people have this idea of inviting me to their shows.
<br/>
Oooh poor souls, they don't know I can ramble for hours about all things caching.

- [On .NET (2025)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eZCtQSq9g4) (english)
- [On .NET (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCswI2goi7s) (english)
- [Open At Microsoft (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGKSNqxN4KE) (english)
- [DotNetConf Italia (2024)](https://www.improove.tech/videos/3593/Hybrid-Caching-in-NET) (italian)
- [Continuous Delivery (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6PBkalmUn8) (italian)
- [Spike Time (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DovOX0zIuJ8)
- [Data Exposed (2022)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2fCUoJgVAo) (english)
- [Small Talks (2022)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DovOX0zIuJ8) (italian)


<!--
**jodydonetti/jodydonetti** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with project update and course details

README.md, after:

# Hi 🤌

### 💻 Principal Engineer + R&D

30 years designing, developing and evolving software.

### 🦥 FusionCache

I created [FusionCache](https://github.com/ZiggyCreatures/FusionCache): an easy to use, fast and robust hybrid cache with advanced resiliency features.

FusionCache is free and OSS, has been battle tested on real-world production apps and services for years like [HIBP (Have I Been Pwned)](https://x.com/stebets/status/1881361994340839832) and is used even [by Microsoft](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sql/data-api-builder-ga/) itself.

With the release of [v2](https://github.com/ZiggyCreatures/FusionCache/releases/tag/v2.0.0), FusionCache has become the first production-ready implementation of [Microsoft HybridCache](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/performance/caching/hybrid?view=aspnetcore-9.0): not just the first 3rd party implementation but the [very first](https://x.com/jodydonetti/status/1881135481645339003) at all, including Microsoft's one.

### 🏆 Awards

I've been lucky enough to receive a couple of recognitions, mostly for my work on FusionCache, and for which I'm very thankful:
- [Google OSS Award](https://opensource.googleblog.com/2021/09/announcing-latest-open-source-peer-bonus-winners.html)
- [Microsoft MVP Award](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-US/MVP/profile/139895de-396f-ed11-81ab-000d3a5600fa)

### 🧑‍🏫 Courses

If you like the FusionCache docs and are interested in all things caching, you may find this interesting.

I published [a course](https://dometrain.com/course/getting-started-caching-in-dotnet/?ref=jody-donetti) on Dometrain:

<div align="center">

[![Caching Course on Dometrain](dometrain-getting-started-cover.jpg)](https://dometrain.com/course/getting-started-caching-in-dotnet/?ref=jody-donetti)

</div>

It's not just about FusionCache, it's about caching as a whole: we'll go from the very foundations to pretty advanced topics and scenarios.
<br/>
We'll cover performance, robustness, resiliency and we'll see different real-world problems and, most importantly, solutions for them.
<br/>
I tried condensing 20+ years dealing with caching in one place, all in an approachable way.

### 🔗 Social

You can find me here:

- [GitHub](https://github.com/jodydonetti)
- [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/jodydonetti.bsky.social)
- [Twitter](https://x.com/jodydonetti)
- [Sessionize](https://sessionize.com/jody-donetti/)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jody-donetti/)

### 📺 Videos

Sometimes people have this idea of inviting me to their shows.
<br/>
Oooh poor souls, they don't know I can ramble for hours about all things caching.

- [On .NET (2025)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eZCtQSq9g4) (english)
- [On .NET (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCswI2goi7s) (english)
- [Open At Microsoft (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGKSNqxN4KE) (english)
- [DotNetConf Italia (2024)](https://www.improove.tech/videos/3593/Hybrid-Caching-in-NET) (italian)
- [Continuous Delivery (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6PBkalmUn8) (italian)
- [Spike Time (2024)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DovOX0zIuJ8)
- [Data Exposed (2022)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2fCUoJgVAo) (english)
- [Small Talks (2022)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DovOX0zIuJ8) (italian)


<!--
**jodydonetti/jodydonetti** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
